link to finished codepen: https://codepen.io/bradm92/pen/abwNOER



 1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    2. What is HTML used for? structuring websites 
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? inside HTML elements we use them for special features inside HTML
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? use h1 once and it should be the most relevant title to your website
    5. Name two tags that have required attribute <a href and img src
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? heading in H1, sometimes styles, page links
    7. What is an id? helps assign uniqueness to an element so we can style it
    8. What elements can I add an id to? anything  inside body
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? once 
    10. What is a class?  classes are similar to IDs but we can link it to javascript too
    11. What elements can I add a class to?  all
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? unlimited
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? target="_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? loads decription of image helpful if images are disabled 
    15. How do I reference an id? #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div? a section lets you group parts of your code and reference it while Div is similar it has no meaning until we assign it values in CSS
    17. What is CSS used for? styling
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page h2{}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one. a class can be assigned to all elements many times. an id is unique so we may only use it to do a very specific task like animating a set of images. 
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? ."classname"{}
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? p .human{}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? it lets us call an element inside another element like p .h2{} would only modify h2 eleement inside a P tAG
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? .sidebar a{}
    24. What is a pseudo selector? allows CSS to activate on action
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? line-height property
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? letter-spacing property
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? text-transform all-uppercase all-lowercase
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    29. How do I select everything on the page? *{}
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?/* */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? rm "filename"
    34. Why should I use version control? version control keeps work especially collaborative work orderly 
    35. How often should I commit to github? every 20 minutes is good practice 
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push -u origin branch-name
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. Fork the code, clone repository to local open in VS. save changes in VS every 20 minutes then in gitbash send a push and commit 

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them?